Runtime environment hooks to load runtime_env from uv run environment (#50462)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/handling-dependencies.rst

or use the `--with` flag to specify individual requirements.

.. tip::

  In order to make this functionality available in a convenient way without having
  to specify `py_executable` in the runtime environment, you can use the following
  runtime environment hook:

  .. code-block:: sh

>     export RAY_RUNTIME_ENV_HOOK=ray._private.runtime_env.uv_runtime_env_hook.hook
> 
>   It will set the `py_executable` to `uv run` with the same parameters as the driver
>   and will also set the `working_dir` to the same working directory that the driver
>   is using (either the current working directory or the `--directory` in `uv run`).
>   In the future we might make this behavior the default.

Reviewer: This assumes that I used `uv run` to run the driver process right? I don't think I'd understand it from this note alone. Maybe add an explicit code sample like:
```suggestion
    export RAY_RUNTIME_ENV_HOOK=ray._private.runtime_env.uv_runtime_env_hook.hook
    uv run my_script.py

  It will set the `py_executable` to `uv run` with the same parameters as the driver
  and will also set the `working_dir` to the same working directory that the driver
  is using (either the current working directory or the `--directory` in `uv run`).
  In the future we might make this behavior the default.
```

or use the `--with` flag to specify individual requirements.

.. tip::

  In order to make this functionality available in a convenient way without having
  to specify `py_executable` in the runtime environment, you can use the following
  runtime environment hook:

  .. code-block:: sh

    export RAY_RUNTIME_ENV_HOOK=ray._private.runtime_env.uv_runtime_env_hook.hook

>   Run your driver via:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Run your driver with the following command:
```

  .. code-block:: sh

    uv run <args> my_script.py

>   It will set the `py_executable` to `uv run <args>` and will also set the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This command sets the `py_executable` to `uv run <args>` and also sets the
```

>   `working_dir` to the same working directory that the driver is using (either

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  `working_dir` to the same working directory that the driver is using, either
```

>   the current working directory or the `--directory` in `uv run`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  the current working directory or the `--directory` in `uv run`.
```

>   Note that this hook is currently experimental, in the future we might make

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Note that this hook is experimental, in the future the Ray team might make
```
